c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background0_0.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background1_0.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background2_0.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background3_0.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background4_0.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\wew.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat1.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat2.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat3.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat4.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat5.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\continue.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\duck.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag1.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag2.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\floor.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\hitrect.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jeje.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejehit.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\loli.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\LoseBg.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainManu2.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainMenu.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menu.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menubeta.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playagain.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playbutton.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ProgressBar.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retry.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retryblue.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Spacer.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\splash.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\attack.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\avoid.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Idle.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\idle3.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tripod.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WinBg.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menuFont.xnb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.wma
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
c:\users\alvin.uy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background0_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background1_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background2_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background3_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background4_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\wew.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat1.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat3.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat4.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat5.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\continue.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\duck.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag1.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\floor.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\hitrect.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jeje.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejehit.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\loli.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\LoseBg.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainManu2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menubeta.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playagain.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playbutton.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ProgressBar.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retry.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retryblue.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Spacer.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\splash.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\attack.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\avoid.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Idle.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\idle3.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tripod.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WinBg.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menuFont.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.wma
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\Rhem\Downloads\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background0_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background1_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background2_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background3_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background4_0.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\wew.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat1.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat3.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat4.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat5.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\continue.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\duck.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag1.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\floor.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\hitrect.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jeje.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejehit.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\loli.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\LoseBg.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainManu2.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menubeta.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playagain.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playbutton.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ProgressBar.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retry.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retryblue.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Spacer.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\splash.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\attack.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\avoid.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Idle.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\idle3.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tripod.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WinBg.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menuFont.xnb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.wma
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\Rhem\Documents\selfiekiller_beta_sir\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejedead.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background0_0.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background1_0.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background2_0.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background3_0.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\Background4_0.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Backgrounds\wew.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat1.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat2.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat3.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat4.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Battery\bat5.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\continue.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\duck.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag1.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\flags\flag2.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\floor.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\hitrect.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jeje.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejehit.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\loli.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\LoseBg.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainManu2.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menu.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menubeta.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playagain.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playbutton.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ProgressBar.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retry.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\retryblue.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Spacer.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\splash.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\attack.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\avoid.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\Idle.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\idle3.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tripod.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WinBg.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\jejedead.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\menuFont.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\MainMenu.wma
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.exe
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\obj\x86\Debug\selfiekiller_beta.pdb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage1.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage2.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Win.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Lose.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage1.wma
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage2.wma
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Win.wma
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Lose.wma
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage3.xnb
C:\Users\karl\Documents\Selfie-Killer\SelfieKiller_Alpha\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\selfiekiller_beta\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Stage3.wma
